OSDOCS-16149:Update the z-stream RNs for 4.16.48 (#99025)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

* Before this update, the resources containing the configuration for the vSphere connection would break because of a mismatch between the user interface and the API. With this release, the resources do not break because the user interface uses the updated API definition. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-60175[OCPBUGS-60175])

* Before this update, the image registry would, in some cases, panic when attempting to purge failed uploads from s3-compatible storage providers. This issue was caused by the s3 driver for the image registry mishandling empty directory paths. With this release, the image registry properly handles empty directory paths, which fixes the panic. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-60183[OCPBUGS-60183])

> * Before this update, insufficient obfuscation of new network data types in Hosted-Hypershift exposed user data. As a consequence, sensitive information was not protected. With this release, obfuscation for new network data types is implemented. As a result, obfuscated network data in Hosted-Hypershift improves data privacy. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-60520[OCPBUGS-60520])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, insufficient obfuscation of new network data types in hosted control planes exposed user data. As a consequence, sensitive information was not protected. With this release, obfuscation for new network data types is implemented. As a result, obfuscated network data in hosted control planes improves data privacy. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-60520[OCPBUGS-60520])
```
"Hosted-Hypershift" is not a thing, as far as I know. I believe this should be "hosted control planes".
